<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="CMD_gccoincident">
   <title>GCCOINCIDENT Command</title>
   <shortdesc>Creates a coincident geometric constraint on 2D entities.</shortdesc>
   <conbody>
      <p><!--Insert License Level--></p>
      <p><!--Insert link to Tool icon--></p>
      <p><!--Alias:--></p>
      <p>Create a coincident constraint to ensure a point on an entity remains coincident with a specified point or entity.</p>
      <section id="section_zyz_rw1_x4b">
         <title>Methods to create a coincident constraint</title>
         <p>There are three methods to begin creating a coincident constraint:</p>
         <ul id="ul_mwl_3x1_x4b">
            <li>Select first point</li>
            <li>Entity</li>
            <li>Autoconstrain</li>
         </ul>
         <p>
            <dl>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Select first point</dt>
                  <dd>Begin creating a coincident constraint by specifying a point on an entity then:</dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt outputclass="indent1">Select second point</dt>
                  <dd outputclass="indent1">Specify a point on an entity to make coincident with the first point. The point on the first entity maintains its position while the second entity adjusts, as necessary, to become coincident.</dd>
                  <dd outputclass="indent1">Additional Options: [Entity] </dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Entity</dt>
                  <dd>Begin creating a coincident contraint by selecting an entity then:</dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt outputclass="indent1">Select a point</dt>
                  <dd outputclass="indent1">Specify a point on an entity to make coincident with the first entity. The first entity maintains its position while the point on the second entity adjusts, as necessary, to become coincident.</dd>
                  <dd outputclass="indent1">Additional Options: [Multiple]</dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Autoconstrain</dt>
                  <dd>Create coincident constraints by selecting all entities to which you want to apply relevant coincident constraints.</dd>
               </dlentry>
            </dl>
         </p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_jq2_vx1_x4b">
         <title>Options within the GCCOINCIDENT command</title>
         <p>After you begin creating a coincident constraint, the following option may be available:</p>
         <p>
            <dl>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Multiple</dt>
                  <dd>Create multiple coincident constraints until you press Enter to end the command.</dd>
               </dlentry>
            </dl>
         </p>
      </section>
   </conbody>
   <related-links>
      <linklist>
         <title>Related Commands</title>
         <link keyref="CMD_geomconstraint" />
      </linklist></related-links>
</concept>
