<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd"[]>
<concept id="CMD_layoff">
   <title>LAYOFF Command</title>
   <shortdesc>Turns off layers of selected entities.</shortdesc>
   <conbody>
      <p><!--<p>Insert License Level</p>--><!--<p> Insert link to Tool icon</p>--><!--<p>Alias:</p>--></p>
      <p>Turn off layers of selected entities to hide all entities that are on the same layers as the selected entities. </p>
      <p>You are prompted:</p>
      <section id="section_ajv_hvc_x4b">
         <title>Select an entity on the layer to be turned off</title>
         <p>Select one or more entities on layers you want to turn off. You can continue selecting entities until you press Enter to end the command. The Command line indicates which layers have been turned off: <ul id="ul_yg3_jvc_x4b">
               <li><b>This layer has been turned off: LayerName1</b></li>
               <li><b>This layer has been turned off: LayerName2</b></li>
            </ul></p>
         <p>If any of the selected entities are on the current layer, you are prompted:</p>
         <p><b>This layer is current: LayerName3. Do you want to turn off current layer?</b></p>
         <p>Specify if you want to turn the current layer off.<ul id="ul_vb3_nvc_x4b">
               <li><uicontrol>Yes</uicontrol>: Turn off the current layer. </li>
               <li><uicontrol>No</uicontrol>: Do not turn off the current layer. </li>
            </ul></p>
         <p>Additional options: [Settings/Undo/selection options (?)]</p>
      </section>
      <section id="section_qqb_qvc_x4b">
         <title>Options within the LAYOFF command</title>
         <p>After you begin the LAYOFF command, the following options may be available: </p>
         <p>
            <dl>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Settings</dt>
                  <dd>Choose to modify viewport or block selection settings.</dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt outputclass="indent1">Viewports</dt>
                  <dd outputclass="indent1">Specify the behavior for layout viewports.<ul id="ul_jkc_dwc_x4b">
                        <li><uicontrol>Off</uicontrol>: Turns off layers in all viewports. This is the default option.</li>
                        <li><uicontrol>VPFreeze</uicontrol>: Freezes layers in the current viewport. </li>
                     </ul></dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt outputclass="indent1">Block selection</dt>
                  <dd outputclass="indent1">Specify the behavior for blocks and external references.<ul id="ul_dkl_gwc_x4b">
                        <li><uicontrol>Selection</uicontrol>: Turns off the layer of selected entities including blocks and external references. It ignores layers of entities within the block or external reference regardless of where you pick the block. This is the default option. </li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Block</uicontrol>: Turns off the layer of the selected block/xref or nested block/xref. This option requires you to select entities by picking each one individually. Where you pick, on a parent or nested block/xref, determines which layer is turned off. </li>
                        <li><uicontrol>Entity</uicontrol>: Turns off the layer of the selected entity within a block/xref or nested block/xref. This option requires you to select entities by picking each one individually. Where you pick, on a parent or nested block/xref, determines which layer is turned off. </li>
                        <li><uicontrol>None</uicontrol>: This option behaves the same as the Selection option. </li>
                     </ul></dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Undo</dt>
                  <dd>Undo the previous LAYOFF operation.</dd>
               </dlentry>
               <dlentry>
                  <dt>Selection options</dt>
                  <dd><!--link to article about selection options--></dd>
               </dlentry>
            </dl>
         </p>
      </section>
   </conbody>
   <related-links>
      <linklist>
         <title>Related Commands</title>
         <link keyref="CMD_layer" />
         <!---LAYER Command link-->
         <link keyref="CMD_layon" />
         <link keyref="CMD_layoff" />
         <link keyref="CMD_laythw" />
         <link keyref="CMD_layfrz" />
         <link keyref="CMD_laylck" />
         <link keyref="CMD_layulk" />
         <link keyref="CMD_layiso" />
         <link keyref="CMD_layuniso" />
         <link keyref="CMD_laycur" />
         <link keyref="CMD_layerp" />
         <link keyref="CMD_layerstate" />
      </linklist>
      <linklist>
         <title>Related Variables</title>
         <!--LAYERLOCKFADECTL System Variable link-->
         <link keyref="SV_layerpmode" />
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</concept>
